feat: add flag to turn off 708 captions (#1047)
videojs/http-streaming: README.md

});
```

##### parse708captions
* Type: `boolean`
* Default: `true`
* can be used as an initialization option

> When provided, 708 captions in the stream are not parsed and will not show up in text track lists or the captions menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `false`, 708 captions in the stream are not parsed and will not show up in text track lists or the captions menu.
```
